z3/README.md, before:

# z3

[![](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/z3.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/z3)

High-level rust bindings to the Z3 SMT solver

Licensed under the MIT license.

See [https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3) for details on Z3.

## Documentation

The API is fully documented with examples:
[https://docs.rs/z3/](https://docs.rs/z3/)

## Installation

This crate works with Cargo and is on
[crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/z3).
Add it to your `Cargo.toml` like so:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3 = "0.12"
```

### Finding Z3 Libraries

**Note:** This library has a dependency on Z3.

There are 3 ways for this crate to currently find Z3:

* By default, it will look for a system-installed copy of Z3.
  On Linux, this would be via the package manager. On macOS, this
  might be via Homebrew (`brew install z3`).
* Enabling the `bundled` feature will use `cmake` to build a
  locally bundled copy of Z3. This copy is provided via a git
  submodule within the repository.
* Enabling the `vcpkg` feature will use `vcpkg` to build and
  install a copy of Z3 which is then used.

This might look like:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3 = {version="0.12", features = ["bundled"]}
```

or:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3 = {version="0.12", features = ["vcpkg"]}
```

## Support and Maintenance

I am developing this library largely on my own so far. I am able
to offer support and maintenance, but would very much appreciate
donations via [Patreon](https://patreon.com/endoli). I can also
provide commercial support, so feel free to
[contact me](mailto:bruce.mitchener@gmail.com).

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution
intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you,
shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional
terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Mention gh-release in README

z3/README.md, after:

# z3

[![](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/z3.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/z3)

High-level rust bindings to the Z3 SMT solver

Licensed under the MIT license.

See [https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3) for details on Z3.

## Documentation

The API is fully documented with examples:
[https://docs.rs/z3/](https://docs.rs/z3/)

## Installation

This crate works with Cargo and is on
[crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/z3).
Add it to your `Cargo.toml` like so:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3 = "0.12"
```

### Finding Z3 Libraries

**Note:** This library has a dependency on Z3.

There are 3 ways for this crate to currently find Z3:

* By default, it will look for a system-installed copy of Z3.
  On Linux, this would be via the package manager. On macOS, this
  might be via Homebrew (`brew install z3`).
* Enabling the `bundled` feature will use `cmake` to build a
  locally bundled copy of Z3. This copy is provided via a git
  submodule within the repository.
* Enabling the `vcpkg` feature will use `vcpkg` to build and
  install a copy of Z3 which is then used.
* Enabling the `gh-release` feature will download a pre-compiled
  copy of Z3 from the GitHub release page for the current platform,
  if available. You may specify the version of Z3 to download via the
  `Z3_SYS_Z3_VERSION` environment variable.

This might look like:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3 = {version="0.12", features = ["bundled"]}
```

or:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3 = {version="0.12", features = ["vcpkg"]}
```

## Support and Maintenance

I am developing this library largely on my own so far. I am able
to offer support and maintenance, but would very much appreciate
donations via [Patreon](https://patreon.com/endoli). I can also
provide commercial support, so feel free to
[contact me](mailto:bruce.mitchener@gmail.com).

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution
intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you,
shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional
terms or conditions.
