z3-sys/README.md, before:

# z3-sys

[![](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/z3-sys.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/z3-sys)

Low-level rust bindings to the Z3 SMT solver

Licensed under the MIT license.

See [https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3) for details on Z3.

## Documentation

The API is fully documented with examples:
[https://docs.rs/z3-sys/](https://docs.rs/z3-sys/)

## Installation

This crate works with Cargo and is on
[crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/z3-sys).
Add it to your `Cargo.toml` like so:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3-sys = "0.8"
```

### Finding Z3 Libraries

**Note:** This library has a dependency on Z3.

There are 3 ways for this crate to currently find Z3:

* By default, it will look for a system-installed copy of Z3.
  On Linux, this would be via the package manager. On macOS, this
  might be via Homebrew (`brew install z3`).
* Enabling the `bundled` feature will use `cmake` to build a
  locally bundled copy of Z3. This copy is provided via a git
  submodule within the repository.
* Enabling the `vcpkg` feature will use `vcpkg` to build and
  install a copy of Z3 which is then used.

**Note:** This crate requires a `z3.h` during build time.

* By default, the crate will look for a `z3.h` in standard/system
  include paths. The `Z3_SYS_Z3_HEADER` environment variable can
  also be used to customize this.
* Enabling the`bundled` feature will cause the bundled copy of `z3.h`
  to be used. The `Z3_SYS_Z3_HEADER` environment variable can also
  be used to customize this.
* Enabling the `vcpkg` feature will cause the copy of `z3.h` provided
  by that version to be used. In this case, there is no override
  via the environment variable.

### Finding emscripten

For wasm32 targets, we may need an existed emscripten installation for a `sysroot`.
One may specify the root of emsdk by environment variable `EMSDK`,
or the root of emscripten by environment variable `EMSCRIPTEN_ROOT`.
Then we'll use `$EMSDK/upstream/emscripten/cache/sysroot` or `$EMSCRIPTEN_ROOT/cache/sysroot`.

## Support and Maintenance

I am developing this library largely on my own so far. I am able
to offer support and maintenance, but would very much appreciate
donations via [Patreon](https://patreon.com/endoli). I can also
provide commercial support, so feel free to
[contact me](mailto:bruce.mitchener@gmail.com).

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution
intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you,
shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional
terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Add more descriptions for $EMSCRIPTEN_ROOT

z3-sys/README.md, after:

# z3-sys

[![](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/z3-sys.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/z3-sys)

Low-level rust bindings to the Z3 SMT solver

Licensed under the MIT license.

See [https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3](https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3) for details on Z3.

## Documentation

The API is fully documented with examples:
[https://docs.rs/z3-sys/](https://docs.rs/z3-sys/)

## Installation

This crate works with Cargo and is on
[crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/z3-sys).
Add it to your `Cargo.toml` like so:

```toml
[dependencies]
z3-sys = "0.8"
```

### Finding Z3 Libraries

**Note:** This library has a dependency on Z3.

There are 3 ways for this crate to currently find Z3:

* By default, it will look for a system-installed copy of Z3.
  On Linux, this would be via the package manager. On macOS, this
  might be via Homebrew (`brew install z3`).
* Enabling the `bundled` feature will use `cmake` to build a
  locally bundled copy of Z3. This copy is provided via a git
  submodule within the repository.
* Enabling the `vcpkg` feature will use `vcpkg` to build and
  install a copy of Z3 which is then used.

**Note:** This crate requires a `z3.h` during build time.

* By default, the crate will look for a `z3.h` in standard/system
  include paths. The `Z3_SYS_Z3_HEADER` environment variable can
  also be used to customize this.
* Enabling the`bundled` feature will cause the bundled copy of `z3.h`
  to be used. The `Z3_SYS_Z3_HEADER` environment variable can also
  be used to customize this.
* Enabling the `vcpkg` feature will cause the copy of `z3.h` provided
  by that version to be used. In this case, there is no override
  via the environment variable.

### Finding emscripten

For wasm32 targets, we may need an existed emscripten installation for a `sysroot`.
One may specify the root of emsdk by environment variable `EMSDK`,
or the root of emscripten by environment variable `EMSCRIPTEN_ROOT`.
Then we'll use `$EMSDK/upstream/emscripten/cache/sysroot` or `$EMSCRIPTEN_ROOT/cache/sysroot`.

For example, if you're using brew, you can assign `$HOMEBREW_CELLAR/emscripten/<emscripten version>/libexec` to `EMSCRIPTEN_ROOT`.

## Support and Maintenance

I am developing this library largely on my own so far. I am able
to offer support and maintenance, but would very much appreciate
donations via [Patreon](https://patreon.com/endoli). I can also
provide commercial support, so feel free to
[contact me](mailto:bruce.mitchener@gmail.com).

## Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution
intentionally submitted for inclusion in the work by you,
shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional
terms or conditions.
